# Thursday, September 17th, 2020 (written by Mitchell)

## Member Check In: Mitchell
### What did they do since last meeting?
* I began researching data storage methodologies for Android apps.
### What will they do before the next meeting?
* Depending on where my research goes, I might start writing some code.
### What obstactles are impeding their progess?
* I haven't run into any roadblocks so far.

## Member Check In: Eyerusalem
### What did they do since last meeting?
* Attempted to run the code in our repo
### What will they do before the next meeting?
* Get the Android Studio project working and test the blank app
### What obstactles are impeding their progess?
* The Android Studio setup process is taking a long time

## Member Check In: Alyssa
### What did they do since last meeting?
* [Attempted to access the Android Studio project](https://github.com/MitchellTFord/Fitness-Tracker/issues/9)
### What will they do before the next meeting?
* Continue to try to get the project working
### What obstactles are impeding their progess?
* Opening the Android Studio project

## Scrum Board Adjustments
* Moved [this issue](https://github.com/MitchellTFord/Fitness-Tracker/issues/1) to Sprint 2
* Created issues out of [this user story](https://github.com/MitchellTFord/Fitness-Tracker/projects/1#card-45543006).

## Customer/User Interactions (paraphrased)
* Mitchell: "What features would you like to see added to the daily-diary in addition to food and exercise logging?"
* Scott: "Some other diary features you should consider adding are mood tracking and weather tracking."
***
* Mitchell: "Would you be interested in tracking food by meal as well as well as individually?"
* Scott: "Yes, but optionally."
***
* Mitchell: "Would you be interested in tracking your water intake?"
* Scott: "Yes, but you should include a warning when the user starts to consume excessive amounts of water."
