# Monday, November 12th, 2020 (written by Mitchell)

## Member Check In: Mitchell
### What did they do since last meeting?
* Worked on the diary portion of the database
### What will they do before the next meeting?
* Complete the diary portion of the database
* Possibly write the RecyclerView adapter for Food
### What obstactles are impeding their progess?
* None at the moment

## Member Check In: Eyerusalem
### What did they do since last meeting?
* Researched Room
### What will they do before the next meeting?
* Implement the backend component of the goal system
### What obstactles are impeding their progess?
* Troubles using Git
