# Friday, October 14th, 2020 (written by Mitchell)

## Member Check In: Mitchell
### What did they do since last meeting?
* Worked on the diary page
### What will they do before the next meeting?
* More work on the diary page
### What obstactles are impeding their progess?
* None at the moment

## Member Check In: Eyerusalem
### What did they do since last meeting?
* Research
### What will they do before the next meeting?
* Research
### What obstactles are impeding their progess?
* None at the moment

## Member Check In: Alyssa
### What did they do since last meeting?
* Brought their working branch up to date with master, worked on the "add food" functionality
### What will they do before the next meeting?
* Work more on the "add food" functionality
### What obstactles are impeding their progess?
* None at the moment
