# Wednesday, September 30th, 2020 (written by Mitchell)

## Member Check In: Mitchell
### What did they do since last meeting?
* Finished writing the code for the Food database schema
### What will they do before the next meeting?
* Work on designing the database schema for diary entries
### What obstactles are impeding their progess?
* None at the moment

## Member Check In: Eyerusalem
### What did they do since last meeting?
* Worked on adding buttons
### What will they do before the next meeting?
* Work on adding functionality to the buttons
### What obstactles are impeding their progess?
* Git troubles

## Member Check In: Alyssa
### What did they do since last meeting?
* Learned more about Android frameworks
### What will they do before the next meeting?
* Work on adding functionality to the buttons
### What obstactles are impeding their progess?
* None at the moment

## Scrum Board Adjustments
* Added issues and cards related to Sprint 3

## Sprint 3 Objectives
* Have many functional buttons
* Allow the user to interface with the database
* Automated testing
